 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Investment and Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is managed consistent with our overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and growth of our businesses. 

As of the end of fiscal year 2024, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 0.5% would result in a change in fair value for these investments of $93 million. 

As of the end of fiscal year 2024, we had $9.7 billion of senior Notes net outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no 

financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 

We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal as our sales are in United States dollars and foreign currency forward contracts are used to offset movements of foreign currency exchange rate movements. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in other income or expenses. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2024 and 2023. 

Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States&#8217; dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States&#8217; dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their manufacturing costs. 

If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been $116 million and $112 million lower, respectively. Change in value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be expected to offset a corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized. 

If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before taxes of $60 million and $36 million as of January 28, 2024 and January 29, 2023, respectively. These changes in fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances. 

Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

